Tc13 (#154)
freenas/documentation: content/en/hub/truecommand/admins/users.md

> The LDAP server IP address or DNS hostname and Domain are required to use LDAP/AD.

Reviewer: The LDAP options are no longer on the individual user pages. Just the one system-wide LDAP settings section in the administration page.

Author: This page is not specifically about the user page, but about user management.  Hence why we have the docker CLI command at the bottom, that's also not something you do on this page.  So it seems like we should have LDAP mentioned since user creation with LDAP is possible.  I'll figure out how to explain that it is an option but it is not on the user page.  I dont really want to move the LDAP stuff to the bottom of the page, but that might be where it needs to go.   
Any suggestions?

Reviewer: I am fine with some kind of box/mention about LDAP with a link to the configuration page for details or something. You could always put that as an info box somewhere near the top/middle of the page as needed.

Author: Added

To adjust the team members or permissions, open the **Configure (Gear)** menu and click **Teams** > **Edit team (Pencil)**.

<img src="/images/tc-1.3-teams-edit.PNG">
<br><br>

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

You can adjust the team profile with a new avatar, change the team name, or grant team members permission to create new TrueCommand Alert Rules.

The **Members** section shows which user accounts are included in the team.
To add users to the team, click **ADD USER** and choose them from the drop-down.
To remove users from the team, click **- (minus)** on the desired user.

The system permissions are configured exactly the same way as described above for individual user accounts.
Note that individual user account permissions can override team permissions.

> ## Resetting a User password from the command line

Reviewer 2: Title Case
```suggestion
## Resetting a User Password from the Command Line
```

> The user password can be reset using the command line when using the Docker version of True Command.  Open the shell on the system running the True Command Container and use the following command, replacing the values in brackets with their appropiate values. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Docker version of TrueCommand allows resetting user passwords from the command line.  Open the shell on the system running the True Command Container and use the following command, replacing the values in brackets with their appropiate values. 
```
